sup YouTube no I haven't posted anything
in a while I think it's been like almost
a year but I want to show you what I've
been doing and I bought a house and
house me and my wife we bought a house
and land the garage
that's our house right there
we're living in Maine now there's the
other garage you know Jeff but today
what I'm gonna do is my first build
video I'm gonna do it on these two
strikes right here this red one is in
1984 Honda 125mm this one was the 1985
Hyundai 125 and somebody painted blue
the blue truck is going to be our donor
trike when we're gonna try and make one
good one out of the boat as you can see
front forks event and fenders touching
the engine the this thing has the worst
bearings out of everything all the
bearings are gone the gooseneck bearings
the front wheel bearings wheel wheel
bearings everything is gone chassis is
really rusted everything but it's got a
good engine in it so we're gonna take
the engine we're gonna swap it I've got
a good headlight key works and
everything and then electrics that works
everything works so this is gonna be our
donor trike here the fenders I'm going
to try and make one good pair out of the
to see if I can stitch something
together I'm looking to get out of this
as low cross as possible so then I
picked up this read 1984 three wheel got
brand new tires all around brand-new
rear bearings
it's got good bearings front it's
missing the headlights and like I said
we're gonna take that off of the other
one the engine is good but somehow the
the guy blew the clutch out of it so it
was cheaper to buy this donor three
wheeler than it was to buy the clutch so
that's what we're gonna do we're going
to take this engine out and we're gonna
swap them out and hopefully we'll get a
good running three wheeler out of it
first things first
we're gonna strip this one clean it and
then we're gonna take the engine and do
the same we're going to clean it as good
as we can and then we'll put it in the
other one unfortunately I'm not gonna be
able to do this through the whole video
I'm only by myself so I won't be able to
hold the camera and work at the same
time so I'll check back in and give you
an up on all right so here we are
stripped out the motor out of both of
them and now I'm getting ready to wash
them down before I put everything back
together get it nice and clean is the
replacement motor this thing is filthy
I'm gonna spend a couple minutes on this
getting this thing decreased and
begrimed but like I said it runs good
doesn't even smoke so still a solid
engine just somebody got it really dirty
there's that one the red ones the 84-84
was actually in really good condition
this thing must have been in somebody's
barn for a long time all the hardware I
didn't even have any rust on it so I'm
really really happy about picking this
up wish I could say the same for this
one but there like I said front forks
I've bent I'm sure you can see they're
almost straight tires a dry rotted brain
was just got rust and stuff all over it
chain sprockets were all junk some sort
of homemade battery box back here and
wires are still in good condition axles
got a bunch of rust on it friggin brake
pedal was completely seized right in
there won't even move almost done
halfway there
all right well here it is after about on
about a half hour scrubbing and my
favorite engine degreaser I found an
engine underneath all that mud and
grease actually cleaned up pretty decent
the cases are black and the center case
is a silver just the way they're
supposed to be so I'm gonna let this
thing dry for a couple and we're gonna
put it back in the three wheel okay and
it's the three wheeler I don't know if
you can see but it cleaned up really
nice I was gonna paint the frame but to
be honest I don't think I'm going to now
it may be just to get a couple rough
spots out of the way but it just really
doesn't even need it seems in such good
condition it must have been on the barn
one of those barn finds somebody left it
in a barn for a while it definitely
didn't get much use all right I'll be
back I wanted to take a quick look at
the hardware it's to show you what I
meant by how it has literally no rust
it's all still shiny I mean that's
twenty-eight-year-old nuts and bolts
still look like new all right well there
it is about 90% of the way done engine
is in painted the exhaust while I was at
it let me show you how clean it is
battery and they're gonna change that
taillight next when you built the
carburetor
alright here it is it's all back
together took it for a ride earlier this
morning for about 15 20 miles on it goes
pretty good I mean a little seat cover
out of duct tape I'll get one this was
just for naught
came out nice anyway mice
okay twenty-eight-year-old machine I'm
gonna get all that blue off that'll be
dead
thanks barking